[3548][ADD] product_delivery_destination: split from product_yahoo_auction_sst (#342)
qrtl/sst-custom: product_delivery_destination/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This module introduces additional fields related to delivery specifics,
> associated with the state and city.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module adds state and city many2one fields to the product model.

These fields are expected to be used to keep the information necessary for listing products in an external auction/marketplace website.
```
